you faced some proper fears in the
making
of this film they made you go
on a roller coaster well here's the
ridiculous thing
they is me i developed and produced this
film so you would think that i wouldn't
have put
terrifying things out there like singing
on stage which is something i hate or
riding on roller coasters something that
i
loathe look at this oh god i was crying
that those are tears um that
sweet girl next to me the beautiful
actress jenna ortega
she had to sit next to me she said that
her fingers were almost
wrenched off i was holding her squeezing
her hand so hard
most of the take was not usable because
i was screaming jenna
jenna her character's name was katy
i was cursing i was praying it was a
very
it was a big day for me i had to have my
big girl panties on this yesterday
sounds horrible
you